hey what's up everybody bill him just uh
checking in Sam what's up had the day
off from work today took my car into the
mechanic because the alternator I think
that on it died while I was driving joy
um just smoking some Squadron Leader my
own Paul trying to enjoy the day it's
kyle welcome mine here he comes you can
say hello okay right that's it that's
high oh yeah did you have him one
fingernail I guess from your girls fear
now Sean show right crunch not dorm and
it got caught in my pants and I my stunt
you pulled it off and then this happened
you can see that sort of it's all bloody
yummy yeah sounds gross looking on video
though Nicholas screens all blurry
screen old borriello know it's wrong way
wow I'm making a very good video so I
was at work yesterday I have my
handy-dandy
I've had with it right in the case nice
little case covered protective padded
everything what I do drop it on the
floor and the cafeteria I'm gonna
probably can't see it but the color is
now majorly seeing out looks good on
there but the color is off it looks like
a negative maybe I can show you
something that's what it did took it
looks normal in the video though anyways
the colors are majorly jacked up oh
don't know how to fix it hopefully if i
reset it right now i can fix it the
computer I don't know a check this out
Kyle needs go outside and play hey
anyways I'm gonna try to fix my ipad now
if our iPad later